---
title: 2024 Sec1 Information
permalink: /events/2024sec1information/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><strong>Information for Secondary One Parents and Students</strong></p><p><strong>Welcome to East Spring Secondary School!</strong></p><p>Dear Parents and 2024 Secondary One students, welcome to East Spring Secondary School! We welcome your child to our Secondary One cohort in 2024 and we look forward to building a strong parent-school relationship with you. Please click on this <u>link</u> to access the slides from the Secondary One registration webinar.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong><u>Sec One Orientation T-Shirt Size and Dietary Requirements</u></strong></p><p>All Secondary One students will receive an orientation T-shirt from the school. Kindly provide us with your child’s/ward’s T-shirt size and any dietary requirements via this <u>link</u> or QR code below by Friday, 22 December 2023.</p><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/essssec1orientation2023</a></p><p></p><p></p><p><strong><u>Secondary One Meet-the-Parents Session (MPS)</u></strong></p><p>The school will be organizing a Secondary One Meet-the-Parents on Friday, 5 January 2024 from 7pm to 8.30pm in school. The MPS aims to provide more information on our school programmes to allow you to work with your child to chart his / her secondary education journey ahead. More details of the MPS will be provided closer to the date.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong><u>School Smart Cards</u></strong></p><p>All students entering Secondary One in Jan 2024 will be issued with a new Secondary level School Smart Cards (SSC). While Secondary One Students are waiting for their Secondary level SSCs to be ready, they can continue to use their Primary level SSCs for concessionary travel till end Apr 2024. Students can still purchase the Bus Concession Pass (BCP) using their Primary level SSCs but they would need to purchase the BCP for Secondary School students.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong><u>Parents Gateway (PG) Mobile App</u></strong></p><p>&nbsp;In the next 4 or 5 years, the school will be communicating with parents on administrative matters largely through the Parents Gateway App. Therefore, it is important for all parents to download and use the App, if they have not already done so before.</p><p>&nbsp;Parents Gateway is a mobile application (or “app”) that connects parents and schools on key administrative matters, providing schools with the platform to send updates on programmes and activities to parents. At the same time, Parents Gateway allows parents to perform administrative functions such as providing consent for their children to participate in school activities and declaring travel plans. It aims to aggregate parent-teacher communications securely on a centralised digital platform. Access to Parents Gateway is granted to parents, legal guardians and authorised caregivers of students studying in MOE schools in Singapore. Parents will need to use SingPass to access Parents Gateway.</p><p>&nbsp;</p>