---
title: About Us
permalink: /about-us/
description: ""
---
<p>East Spring Secondary School was set up in 1999. This was deeply entwined with&nbsp;the history of Tampines, where a school was needed to meet the growing&nbsp;families in the area.</p>
<p>During this time, the Ministry of Education was embarking on its Thinking&nbsp;Schools, Learning Nation framework and East Spring&rsquo;s pioneer staff and pupils&nbsp;were at the forefront of twenty-first century pedagogies with its new and up-to-date facilities.</p>
<p><strong>Nurturing the Holistic Child in the 21st Century<br /></strong>East Spring Secondary School was quick to adapt to MOE&rsquo;s Teach Less Learn&nbsp;More phase, with overseas learning journeys, charity bazaar and fund raising&nbsp;and its various community engagements.&nbsp;Through our various programmes, this was supported by our R2ISE (and its&nbsp;eventual refinement to R3ISE) values that anchor our weekly life skills&nbsp;programme. This is complemented by our weekly Success for Learning (SFL)&nbsp;programme that is tailored specifically for the diverse needs of our students.</p>
<p><strong>A New Era<br /></strong>MOE&rsquo;s announcement in 2011 regarding the shift towards a student-centric&nbsp;values-driven education affirmed what we have always been doing at East&nbsp;Spring. We continued to develop East Springians into Creative Learners, Upright&nbsp;Citizens, and Global Thinkers, with the Global Thinkers Curriculum and the&nbsp;Student Leadership Programme to further prepare our students for the 21 st&nbsp;Century.</p>
<p>The Lee Hsien Loong Award Award for Innovations in Normal Course that we received in 2017 affirmed our efforts and approach of yesteryear. We will continue to focus on our three main domains &ndash; teaching and learning, character&nbsp;development, and student leadership development &ndash; to continue designing&nbsp;learning experiences that will bring out the best in every student.</p>